we are in this case the part of the IT team at a insurance company,  and they are in the concern of the data breanch issue. our task here is to help them out in buidling an automated pipeline to generate customized the emails or letters that the it will use to conect with customers.

We have the insurance data file and templates including email and letter tmeplate as our input. Our goal is to process these inputs based on user-commands, replacing specific placeholders in thetemp;atedswith certain data in the  insruance data csv file. Based on this logic, we've designed several classes,  utility classes including CSVReader, TxtReader, TxtProcessor, and Writer.   we've implemented service classes: CommandParser validates user input commands, generating key-value pairs, while FileGenerator replaces placeholders in templates with CSV data, producing final text outputs. Our application starts the execution from out main class. This is the main framework for our project.

Tha's dive into the util class, first csv reader! This class `CSVReader` is  to read and process CSV files.  we gonna give  convert the data into a list of maps as the output, and each map represents a row in the CSV file. It includes methods  readCSV files, parselines and

we have the constructor here, The class has a field `csvData` which stores the processed data. 

and the readfile method heare. ittakes the file path as input and reads the CSV file using comma as the default delimiter. There's another overloaded `readFile` method that are able to incorporate The `parseLine` method. so here we specified a regular expression and a matched group index for parsing  lines of the intput  file. in our case , we have used double quote to extract the header and vlaues instead of the commna seperation. The overloaded method here can accommodates more input cases or scenarios and provide scalability for certain regex pattern matching.

SImilarly, The `TextReader` class serves as a utility for reading the content of a text file and storing it as a string. .The `readFile` method allows users to specify a file path and triggers the process of reading the text file, populating the `text` field with its content. Internally, the `readTextFileToString` method helps the reading process, we've utilized  a buffered reader to iteratively read each line of the text file and append it to a string builder.

The class ensures proper handling of I/O exceptions such as file not found or error during reading, , it implements equals`, `hashCode`, and `toString`) for object comparisoina.

first find the data structure we used map to dealt with the csc file, here we utilizd the map to store thedata as  key and value pair, and ti's effeicient to extfact the values to replace the placeholders. also it's prettyry tricky thinak of  a way to parse the header and values, we used the comma first, whcih iapplied for most fo the cases , but we found theseveral corner cases int ehv cvs data, that cannot just seperate by comma, because as.i remebered, my the name filed also contains the comma, so we switched to the double quote pattern matching to parse the header andvalues.

another challenge is about coupling and decoupling, we firstly contains everything in a class, but is' not clear and hear to debug, then we decied to seperate the txt precessor that is for replacing the placeholders, and we seperate the dile generator class maining used for generating the whole pipeline and writting out the txt output files. and we seperate certain package util. Constant service classes as you can see in the left side. these are the main challenges we've faced,
